[Music]
you
- be careful but because you know
anything can happen and we film it then
they see ok this can be a danger for us
[Music]
I'm on my way to the eastern Congo one
of the most dangerous places in the
world Congo has been a major source of
natural resources for the mobile
industry the last 15 years I've heard
that in mind Steven the jungle children
are working under horrible conditions I
want to see where these minerals are
coming from and to see with my own eyes
if they are financing warm
this is chance he's 16 he says that for
the last three years he's been working
in DC the biggest illegal mine in Congo
he wants to take me there
see and this is holy but what they're
they're living with really horrible the
four years ago this place was nothing
but jungle today fifteen to twenty five
thousand people are working a lot more
than other different armed groups are
fighting to gain control over the mine
these teenage boys stay down here for
several days
taking out minerals essential for the
mobile industry mines like these are
fury aware in the last fifteen years
more than four million people have died
these minerals end up in mobile phones
like my Nokia does that make me
responsible we are all responsible and
you know that all this is going into you
we must feel revolted by this situation
where you might be
[Music]